[15.0][MIG] sale_report_delivered_subtotal: Migration to version 15.0 (#160)
OCA/sale-reporting: sale_report_delivered_subtotal/readme/USAGE.rst

> Go to *Sales > Reporting > Sales* and you'll find the new *Total Price
> Delivered* measure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to *Sales > Reporting > Sales* and you'll find *Subtotal Delivered* and *Gross Weight Delivered* measures.
```
